 ▐▛███▛█   Claude Code v2.1.266
▝▜██████▀  Opus 5 · Claude Pro
  ▝▝ ▝▝    ~/git/pub-head2toes-org.github.io/northern/src/fs/pwa/grinder

▎ [✻] [✻] [✻] · Share Claude Code and earn $10 in usage credits · /passes

❯ /effort                                                                       
  ⎿  Cancelled

❯ Read src/fs/pwa/grinder/UPDATE_2/md for isntructions.                         

● I'll read the instructions file.

  Searched for 1 pattern, read 7 files, ran 11 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now let me write the new files. First, the pixel dust:

  Read 2 files (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now the rewritten foes.js:

  Read 1 file, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now game.js:

  Read 1 file, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now render.js — the drawing for snakes, eggs, mines, comets and dust:

  Ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now wire up the new files and update the test loader:

  Ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now update the test file's shared-scope loader and run to see what breaks:

  Ran 5 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now let me update the existing tests for the changed numbers:

  Searched for 1 pattern, ran 6 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now let me add the new test suites:

  Read 2 files, ran 7 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now the painting and card tests for the new shapes:

  Searched for 3 patterns, ran 21 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● All 139 grinder tests pass (the 98 failures in the full suite are pre-existing
  bandage.test.js breakage, unrelated — same owner.getAudioContext is not a 
  function error as before my changes).

  What changed

  Existing behaviour
  - Enemies doubled: foes.KIND[*].share — triangle 0.5→1, square 0.6→1.2, circle
    1→2. Fleet scatter went 26→52 to match, and foes.CROWD 90→60 since the same
    count is now twice the wall.
  - Rocket has weight: game.fly is velocity-based — the stick asks for a speed,
    the rocket goes after it at thrust (1400 px/s²) and comes off it at coast
    (1050) when let go. A wall zeroes the velocity in that axis.
  - Guns climb slower: weapons.HALVING 1000→3000. At the old rate both guns hit
    the 20 ms floor before level 2.
  - Pixel dust (new dust.js): a dead shape's outline becomes a ring of grains in
    its own colour, thrown outward and fading. game.wound diffs the parts
    before/after a hit, so a killing blow bursts the whole shape and a snake
    head hit bursts just the two triangles it shed.

  Levels (game.stage, game.OPENS)
  - 1000 points starts a comet shower; the shower ending is what turns the level
    over.
  - Level 2 — Snake: head plus 10 overlapping triangles laid along the head's
    own flight path (the head drops crumbs, the tail interpolates along them).
    Reveal = head alone, then it sets off and sprouts one triangle at a time.
    Sinusoidal weave with randomly spaced full loops. Tail hits light the
    triangle from the inside and do nothing; head hits shed 2, and the hit that
    empties the tail kills the head, leaving an Egg — green oval flying the
    head's exact weave, 5 s life, +500 caught, −50 shot.
  - Level 3 — Seeking mine: dropped by every destroyed circle. Red oval
    shape-shifting tall→round→wide, 2× circle speed, turns onto the rocket every
    frame, 5 s fuse, blast of 5 rocket-sizes that clears everything inside it
    (unscored) and kills the rocket.

  Comet shower (new comets.js): 5 white tapering overlapping circles, 2–3×
  rocket speed, all parallel on one random heading, entering and leaving the
  world. Kept out of state.foes so no weapon can reach them. 10 s, +5 s each
  time.

  Also: weapons.strike now walks foes.spots(foe) (a list of named circles)
  instead of one centre/radius — that's what lets a snake be eleven hit targets
  without either gun knowing what a snake is. HUD gained LEVEL n and a shower
  countdown; the welcome card lists the new shapes' values.

  Judgment calls I made (all recorded in PLAN.md)

  - Snake 250, mine 50 (unspecified); 5 head hits, not 6, reading "before no
    tail left and the head explodes" literally.
  - Comets are lethal — otherwise they're scenery.
  - An egg isn't an obstacle: flying into it catches it, and the EMP leaves it
    alone rather than docking 50 for something the player couldn't see under the
    blast.
  - Score clamped at 0; a mine's blast pays nothing; no waves or wave clocks run
    during a shower; the last comets fly out rather than vanishing when the
    shower ends.

  Uncommitted — comets.js, dust.js and UPDATE_2.md are new and untracked if you
  want them in the next commit.

✻ Crunched for 30m 8s · done 9:11 PM

※ recap: Goal was implementing Grinder UPDATE_2: bigger enemies, rocket momentum, dust explosions, levels with snakes, eggs, mines, and comet showers. All done, 139 tests passing. Next action is yours: commit the changes, including the untracked comets.js, dust.js, and UPDATE_2.md. (disable recaps in /config)